---
layout: post
title:  "Mr. Game and Sweat Reviews: Hades"
author: taylor
categories: [ review, rpg, roguelike, roguelite ]
comments: false
image: assets/images/review-images/hades.jpg
---

Welcome back to Mr. Game and Sweat, where we combine the excitement of gaming with the benefits of staying active! Today, we’re delving into "Hades," the predecessor to "Hades II," a game that set the bar for thrilling action, captivating storytelling, and an immersive underworld experience. Let’s evaluate it based on our three main criteria: gameplay engagement, treadmill and bike compatibility, and computer requirements.

# Gameplay

"Hades" provides a highly engaging gameplay experience. The storyline is filled with mythological intrigue and unexpected turns, keeping players engrossed from beginning to end. The combat system is fluid and rewarding, offering a blend of strategic decision-making and real-time action. The wide array of weapons and abilities adds layers of variety, ensuring there's always something new to master. This game shines in creating an immersive underworld that keeps gamers invested in the journey of its protagonist. However, the roguelike nature of the game might not be for everyone, as it requires a lot of repetition and grinding.

### Category Score: 3 out of 3

# Treadmill and Bike Compatibility

Playing "Hades" while running on a treadmill or riding an exercise bike is a generally good experience. The game’s combat system does require quick reflexes, which can be challenging during intense physical activity. However, the short, intense play sessions match well with high-intensity interval training. Navigating the underworld and engaging in combat are manageable,

### Category Score: 3 out of 3

# Computer Requirements

"Hades" is not overly demanding in terms of computer requirements. It can run smoothly on most mid-range systems, and even lower-end systems can handle the game with some graphics settings adjustments. This makes it accessible to a wide range of players, which is a significant plus point.

### Category Score: 2 out of 3

# Conclusion and Score

"Hades" is an excellent game for those seeking a fast-paced, narrative-driven experience with strategic combat. Its strength lies in its ability to captivate players with a well-crafted story and immersive underworld. For those looking to combine gaming with fitness, it presents a moderate challenge, particularly during high-intensity gameplay moments.

As a result, we give "Hades" an overall score of 2.65 out of 3. It excels in many areas but requires some adjustments for those integrating it into their exercise routine.

### Overall Score: 2.65 out of 3

---

Mr. Game and Sweat Reviews: Hades - By Taylor Dorsett
